okay so this is my review of the google
pixel 5. i will briefly touch
on the pixel 4 a5g as well but this
video is primarily going to be focused
on the pixel 5. right off the rip i
really like this phone
like a lot they've done so much right
with it the one thing
that i dislike about it i'm just gonna
front load this video with the the
negative about this phone
i feel like this shouldn't be priced at
seven hundred dollars
i wish this was a six hundred dollar
phone now i understand that
google puts their phones on sales
constantly right
and when it does go on sale i could see
this thing hitting 600 bucks
but it is a 700 phone for all intents
and purposes so this
video has to be framed around that let's
start with aesthetics
i absolutely love the aesthetics of this
phone it feels nice in your hand it's
one hand operable because of its smaller
size and it also has this nice
thin symmetrical bezel that goes around
the whole device and this characteristic
of that thin symmetrical bezel is not
easy to kind of showcase properly in a
video you look at these images and it
looks nice but
when you see it in real life and you
watch videos on it there's something
about this symmetry
and just the narrow bezel that makes
everything look quite nice on this
display
now in terms of the material finish it
is a plastic coated
metal body it's a personal preference
thing i really like it but i can see why
a lot of people wouldn't
like it doesn't feel like an ultra
premium finish it feels
it feels like plastic it feels like a
very tanky plastic phone but
it is metal underneath that top layer of
plastic now
they're able to wirelessly charge this
thing there's probably a cutout in that
area i'm sure
but the wireless charging works really
well even going through that metal
material
the fingerprint sensor mounted on the
back and this is a great spot i feel
like a lot of people appreciate rear
mounted fingerprint sensors
it's fast gets in the device without any
issues i do wish there was a face unlock
like i'd be lying if i said i didn't
miss it because so many other
flagships and semi-flagship phones have
some kind of
face biometric to get into phones but
the pixel 5
doesn't despite it having a perfectly
usable front-facing camera looking right
at me when i want to open up that phone
now the rest of the screen is awesome
like the ultra clean bezels i was
talking about previously
and the flat edges are something i
appreciate and the image quality of the
screen is also quite good
bright good color accuracy the 4a 5g has
a slightly warmer
screen and the 5 has like a more natural
color but
yeah both screens are good now the
biggest difference between them is the
presence of a 90 hertz panel on the
pixel 5.
i have talked about this previously in
other videos i think
high refresh phone screens are nice but
they're certainly not super important
i feel like it's a it's something that
like
if you look on youtube most of the tech
youtubers and the
enthusiasts of the phone world
appreciate it because it's something you
can see right and when you hold two
phones side by side you have a 60 hertz
and 90 hertz
and you're flipping through the ui it's
like the 90 hertz screen or the 120
screen it's like wow it's so fast but
the reality of
usage like what are you actually using
your phones for
high refresh phone screens don't really
play a huge role
in how we experience our phones because
we're usually looking at a still image
right
unless you're weird and you're like
watching youtube videos and you like to
scrub your ui while you're watching
youtube videos
or you're like scrolling through reddit
and somehow you can read while it's
moving
the reality is you know 60hz screens are
plenty good when it comes to phones now
the presence of it is nice but the
screen overall is really good regardless
of the refresh rate
the speakers are a different story
though the bottom speakers are a lot
louder
than the earpiece speaker so when you're
watching stuff in stereo
there's a discrepancy between the left
and right channel it's something that
bothers me but
it's not uh it's not a huge deal i don't
think the power button on the pixel 5
is metal or at least it looks metal and
it matches the
g logo you can see in the cutout on the
back of the phone but for some reason
this metal button has a less tactile
click
than the plastic buns on the 4a and the
485g
those are more satisfying to press the
battery life on this phone
is fantastic this is a 4080 milliamp
hour battery
and i'm getting a comfortable eight
hours of screen on time on this thing
easy eight hours with like
three quarter screen brightness i think
most people will enjoy the
increased battery life with the pixel 5.
the
camera this has a fantastic camera
system as you'd expect
but it's strange that the pixel 5 has
seemingly the same hardware and software
as the pixel 45g a phone that's 200
cheaper but the more important
conversation to be had here
is just image quality now a few years
ago
when pixels first started come out with
night sight and all their kind of
software advancements in photography
they really stood out from everybody
else like from iphones
from samsung's phones like they were
just so much better than everybody else
but nowadays in late
2020 i feel like the difference between
what pixels can do and what other
flagships can do is not as pronounced
anymore
i will say though that the pixels with
their new ultrawide lens
can shoot low-light ultra wides better
than almost everyone else
but their other night sight stuff is
good like it's still really good
but it's not that different from
everybody else right now right and same
with shots that have high dynamic range
pixels have traditionally done that
stuff really well but in late 2020
so is every other flagship phone i mean
that's just
competition right when you have one guy
in the lead and they're just crushing it
year-on-year on photography
that was pixels everyone else feels the
heat they pick up the game and now
the playing ground is a lot more even
the one improvement that's most
noticeable to me about these new pixels
is the video stabilization it is
weirdly smooth it's almost gimbal like
it's really well done image quality is
good
so if you were shooting videos before
with pixels and you didn't like the
shakiness of it it is a lot better on
the pixel 5 and even the 4a5 g this year
now performance on the pixel 5 is pretty
good even with
most games but because it's a step down
from an 800 series chip
this is why i feel like the phone should
be priced at 600 especially
with that 485 g available okay about
that 485g
this is the value king without a doubt
like i mentioned the
same camera hardware great screen great
form factor
and a headphone jack 200 cheaper you
can't go wrong with this one but the
reason why i like this one personally is
like the size
and the bigger battery but this small
compact size is something pretty
pretty special to me okay that wraps up
this video hope you guys enjoyed it
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it
see you guys next time
[Music]
you